SELECT  o318403.WIP_ENTITY_NAME as E318413,o318403.ITEM_CODE as E318414,o318403.STATUS_TYPE as E318415,o318403.DATE_CLOSED as E318417,SUM(o318403.TOTALSUMMARY) as E318441_SUM,SUM(o318403.OVERHEADSUMMARY) as E318440_SUM,SUM(o318403.RESROUCESUMMARY) as E318439_SUM,SUM(o318403.MATERIALSUMMARY) as E318438_SUM,SUM(o318403.COSTUPDATESUMMARY) as E318437_SUM,SUM(o318403.COSTUPDATEOVERHEAD) as E318436_SUM,SUM(o318403.COSTUPDATERESROUCE) as E318435_SUM,SUM(o318403.COSTUPDATEMATERIAL) as E318434_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURSCRAPSUMMARY) as E318433_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURSCRAPOVERHEAD) as E318432_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURSCRAPRESROUCE) as E318431_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURSCRAPMATERIAL) as E318430_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURCOMPLETESUMMARY) as E318429_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURCOMPLETEOVERHEAD) as E318428_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURCOMPLETERESROUCE) as E318427_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURCOMPLETEMATERIAL) as E318426_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURISSUESUMMARY) as E318425_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURISSUEOVERHEAD) as E318424_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURISSUERESROUCE) as E318423_SUM,SUM(o318403.CURISSUEMATERIAL) as E318422_SUM,SUM(o318403.BEFSUMMARY) as E318421_SUM,SUM(o318403.BEFOVERHEAD) as E318420_SUM,SUM(o318403.BEFRESOURCE) as E318419_SUM,SUM(o318403.BEFMATERIAL) as E318418_SUM,SUM(o318403.WIPQTY) as E318416_SUM
 FROM ( select WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME,msi.SEGMENT1 item_code,ywos.STATUS_TYPE,ywos.wipqty,date_closed,
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0) from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS  ywd
where transaction_date != to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='110'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID) as BefMaterial,
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0) from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS  ywd
where transaction_date != to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='120'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID) as BefResource,   
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0) from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS  ywd
where transaction_date != to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='130'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID) as BefOverhead,
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0) from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS  ywd
where transaction_date != to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' 
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID) as BefSummary,
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0) from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='110'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP Issue','WIP Return')) as CurIssueMaterial,   
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='120'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP Issue','WIP Return')) as CurIssueResrouce, 
  (select nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='130'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP Issue','WIP Return')) as CurIssueOverhead,
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0) from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' 
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP Issue','WIP Return')) as CurIssueSummary,
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
  where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='110'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP Completion','WIP Completion Return')) as CurCompleteMaterial,   
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='120'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP Completion','WIP Completion Return')) as CurCompleteResrouce, 
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='130'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP Completion','WIP Completion Return')) as CurCompleteOverhead,
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' 
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP Completion','WIP Completion Return')) as CurCompleteSummary,
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
  where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='110'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP assembly scrap')) as CurScrapMaterial,   
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='120'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP assembly scrap')) as CurScrapResrouce, 
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='130'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP assembly scrap')) as CurScrapOverhead,
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' 
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('WIP assembly scrap')) as CurScrapSummary,
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
  where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='110'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('Cost update')) as CostUpdateMaterial,   
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='120'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('Cost update')) as CostUpdateResrouce, 
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='130'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('Cost update')) as CostUpdateOverhead,
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where transaction_date = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm') and main_acct = '1212' 
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID
  and TRANSACTION_TYPE_NAME in ('Cost update')) as CostUpdateSummary,
   (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
  where main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='110'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID) as MaterialSummary,   
 (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where  main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='120'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID) as ResrouceSummary, 
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where  main_acct = '1212' and sub_acct='130'
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID) as OverheadSummary,
  (select  nvl(sum(amt),0)  from apps.YERP_WIP_DISTRIBUTIONS ywd
where main_acct = '1212' 
  and ywd.WIP_ENTITY_NAME = WE.WIP_ENTITY_NAME
  and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywd.ORGANIZATION_ID) as TotalSummary
from apps.yerp_wip_operations_summary ywos,WIP.WIP_ENTITIES we left join apps.MTL_SYSTEM_ITEMS msi on msi.ORGANIZATION_ID =we.ORGANIZATION_ID and WE.PRIMARY_ITEM_ID = msi.INVENTORY_ITEM_ID
 where WE.WIP_ENTITY_ID = ywos.WIP_ENTITY_ID
   and we.ORGANIZATION_ID = ywos.ORGANIZATION_ID
   and ywos.STATUS_TYPE !='cancelled'
   and ((DATE_CLOSED is not null and to_char(date_closed,'yyyymm') = to_char(sysdate,'yyyymm')) 
    or DATE_CLOSED is null)
   and ywos.organization_id in (select organization_id from apps.org_access where responsibility_id=apps.fnd_profile.value('RESP_ID'))
 ) o318403
 GROUP BY o318403.WIP_ENTITY_NAME,o318403.ITEM_CODE,o318403.STATUS_TYPE,o318403.DATE_CLOSED;
